hi tubers it's been a while since I've
done a video
I haven't played any guitar lately so
I'm gonna take it out of the case and
hang it on the wall it hopes that I
would sight out of mind it's not gonna
be an option anymore I'm gonna play it
because I'm gonna see it hang out on the
wall I'm gonna show you a couple
different options here first hook right
here I'm drunk the garage and I'm gonna
put it on the wall and hang the guitar I
kind of like this just hope it's right
in there you can see that I want to
stick it on the wall here
there's no stud behind here so it's not
gonna grab anything it's just gonna fall
right out of the wall so I need to put a
piece of wood with an edge to edge so I
could hang one guitar here one guitar
here okay I've got a couple other
options
it would be easy just to stick this in
the wall somewhere on stud right see a
little divot right there
that means there's a stud right there on
this side of the outlet on the right
hand side
okay so wherever there is an outlet
there's a stud you can stick something
like this right in there and you'll
catch a stud however in my situation
that's not a good spot for me grab
yourself a piece of wood I happen to
find this one in the garbage I'm gonna
have it go somewhere around here
assuming that this is level just put the
piece of wood in place take your pencil
drop the line on the back boom now you
can't screw up the measurement is what
it is this way if you use a measuring
tape there's a chance of having mistake
this way there's no mistake so I'm going
to take them out the garage give it a
cut perfect we're gonna put two bowls in
the corner and two holes here
and I'm going to countersink them so
that sticking out oh so you see a guitar
over here probably wondering we'll just
use a guitar stand right terse then just
like this I only have one I have like
three four guitars laying around
oh and this sleeve here this is called
the guitar sleeve I made this myself is
just cut off from one of my old shirts i
hook it onto the end and it dangles I
used to clean the strings after every
time alright so I'm going to pre-drill
the holes if you don't want to drill
into the pool table or whatever you're
drilling into probably good idea to
maybe put a book or something underneath
so if you're gonna drill you can drill
them to the book speed this up a little
bit here it's called a countersink bit
yeah we'll just get that screws ready
this is the outside so once again I said
I'm gonna use the shorter ones and then
on the inside
a little bit longer all right two
settings on the drill low and high low
gives you more torque and makes the
battery last longer
solid guitars are not gonna fall now so
here's my little hook that's gonna go
somewhere over here and the other one
over here we grow the hole on one side
and the other I pre drilled it on an
angle so that they're hanging upward
like this because the price of the
guitar is gonna slowly bring it down
after time hopefully I will practice and
get a video up and there you go zoom in
on the fine detail work here there's the
countersink the holes in the corner
there's a 30-degree angle on the edge
and on the other end there's just
whatever alright and that's it I think
that's gonna help me to play a little
more alright I hope you guys learn
something how or how not to hang a
guitar alright Cheers